Ah!
Ha ha.
Ahahaha
Ah!
Wildflower, so what if you have force?
That hero soul, you have to have power and a background
They're right, Ben, if something happens
You're all doomed.
If you ask why
Just by skill
ID card
This young master is the enemy of the ten ancient tribes
I know you don't believe it, wait.
Come on, aren't you going to touch me?
Shoot me?
Fight back and forth
Boom!
Brain shot
My life is yours
Don't push your luck.
Kill, shoot
come
I can't wait! Kill me!
I can't do that.
What the hell are you pretending to be?
Take old things and rely on you
Don't spend me telling you
That's not a gap.
That's what I call a gap.
Even if I am against the whole city
It's not as dangerous as me alone
Forget it, Brother Zhao
Nanjing Night Huan starts now
It has nothing to do with my deputy
Betrothal gift refund
Name withdrawn dad
What's your name dad
No dad, I'm here